The slogan on the posters unsurprisingly was designed to get attention.
The slogan on the poster unsurprisingly was designed to get attention.
The slogan on the posters unsurprisingly were designed to get attention.
The slogan on the poster unsurprisingly were designed to get attention.
The picture on the fliers definitely was of a village church in the south of France.
The picture on the flier definitely was of a village church in the south of France.
The picture on the fliers definitely were of a village church in the south of France.
The picture on the flier definitely were of a village church in the south of France.
The mistake in the programs certainly was disastrous for the small software company.
The mistake in the program certainly was disastrous for the small software company.
The mistake in the programs certainly were disastrous for the small software company.
The mistake in the program certainly were disastrous for the small software company.
The label on the containers probably was a warning about the hazardous chemicals inside.
The label on the container probably was a warning about the hazardous chemicals inside.
The label on the containers probably were a warning about the hazardous chemicals inside.
The label on the container probably were a warning about the hazardous chemicals inside.
The problem in the stores ultimately was solved by firing the custodian.
The problem in the store ultimately was solved by firing the custodian.
The problem in the stores ultimately were solved by firing the custodian.
The problem in the store ultimately were solved by firing the custodian.
The name on the billboards probably was of a prominent local businessman.
The name on the billboard probably was of a prominent local businessman.
The name on the billboards probably were of a prominent local businessman.
The name on the billboard probably were of a prominent local businessman.
The crime in the suburbs doubtlessly was a reflection of the violence in today's society.
The crime in the suburb doubtlessly was a reflection of the violence in today's society.
The crime in the suburbs doubtlessly were a reflection of the violence in today's society.
The crime in the suburb doubtlessly were a reflection of the violence in today's society.
The defect in the appliances likely was unknown to consumers and government regulators.
The defect in the appliance likely was unknown to consumers and government regulators.
The defect in the appliances likely were unknown to consumers and government regulators.
The defect in the appliance likely were unknown to consumers and government regulators.
The citation on the notecards unfortunately was quite difficult to track down using the library's limited resources.
The citation on the notecard unfortunately was quite difficult to track down using the library's limited resources.
The citation on the notecards unfortunately were quite difficult to track down using the library's limited resources.
The citation on the notecard unfortunately were quite difficult to track down using the library's limited resources.
The advertisement on the skyscrapers typically was hard to read except from a long distance away.
The advertisement on the skyscraper typically was hard to read except from a long distance away.
The advertisement on the skyscrapers typically were hard to read except from a long distance away.
The advertisement on the skyscraper typically were hard to read except from a long distance away.
The traitor in the camps regrettably was passing information to the enemy through various secret methods.
The traitor in the camp regrettably was passing information to the enemy through various secret methods.
The traitor in the camps regrettably were passing information to the enemy through various secret methods.
The traitor in the camp regrettably were passing information to the enemy through various secret methods.
The flaw in the arguments usually was clear to everyone in the lecture hall after just five minutes.
The flaw in the argument usually was clear to everyone in the lecture hall after just five minutes.
The flaw in the arguments usually were clear to everyone in the lecture hall after just five minutes.
The flaw in the argument usually were clear to everyone in the lecture hall after just five minutes.
The door to the laboratories accidentally was left unlocked by the cleaning service.
The door to the laboratorie accidentally was left unlocked by the cleaning service.
The door to the laboratories accidentally were left unlocked by the cleaning service.
The door to the laboratorie accidentally were left unlocked by the cleaning service.
The memo from the supervisors unfortunately was about the delinquent tax return.
The memo from the supervisor unfortunately was about the delinquent tax return.
The memo from the supervisors unfortunately were about the delinquent tax return.
The memo from the supervisor unfortunately were about the delinquent tax return.
The check from the stockbrokers happily was a dividend on a long-term bond.
The check from the stockbroker happily was a dividend on a long-term bond.
The check from the stockbrokers happily were a dividend on a long-term bond.
The check from the stockbroker happily were a dividend on a long-term bond.
The key to the cells unsurprisingly was rusty from many years of disuse.
The key to the cell unsurprisingly was rusty from many years of disuse.
The key to the cells unsurprisingly were rusty from many years of disuse.
The key to the cell unsurprisingly were rusty from many years of disuse.
The letter from the investigators allegedly was received in San Francisco in late March.
The letter from the investigator allegedly was received in San Francisco in late March.
The letter from the investigators allegedly were received in San Francisco in late March.
The letter from the investigator allegedly were received in San Francisco in late March.
The entrance to the exhibits evidently was hard to locate on the diagram.
The entrance to the exhibit evidently was hard to locate on the diagram.
The entrance to the exhibits evidently were hard to locate on the diagram.
The entrance to the exhibit evidently were hard to locate on the diagram.
The warning from the experts unsurprisingly was a shock to the residents of the city.
The warning from the expert unsurprisingly was a shock to the residents of the city.
The warning from the experts unsurprisingly were a shock to the residents of the city.
The warning from the expert unsurprisingly were a shock to the residents of the city.
The bridge to the islands apparently was about ten miles off the main highway.
The bridge to the island apparently was about ten miles off the main highway.
The bridge to the islands apparently were about ten miles off the main highway.
The bridge to the island apparently were about ten miles off the main highway.
The gift from the visitors apparently was a beautiful clock from Germany.
The gift from the visitor apparently was a beautiful clock from Germany.
The gift from the visitors apparently were a beautiful clock from Germany.
The gift from the visitor apparently were a beautiful clock from Germany.
The path to the monuments happily was lined with lovely trees and flowers.
The path to the monument happily was lined with lovely trees and flowers.
The path to the monuments happily were lined with lovely trees and flowers.
The path to the monument happily were lined with lovely trees and flowers.
The message from the engineers regrettably was about the recent weakening to the building's structural supports.
The message from the engineer regrettably was about the recent weakening to the building's structural supports.
The message from the engineers regrettably were about the recent weakening to the building's structural supports.
The message from the engineer regrettably were about the recent weakening to the building's structural supports.
The gate to the pastures evidently was falling down due to disrepair.
The gate to the pasture evidently was falling down due to disrepair.
The gate to the pastures evidently were falling down due to disrepair.
The gate to the pasture evidently were falling down due to disrepair.